Every week, three ninjas are slain inadvertently on our roads.
This can be avoided.
I am Frederick Fahrvergnügen, President of the Royal Association
For the Prevention of Accidents involving Nerves
Or RSPAIN shortened. (tn: RSPAIN sounds like ass pain)
Did you know that in a recent study,
has less than 1% of drivers claimed to have ever seen a ninja?
It fits. (Have seen a ninja) (Never seen a ninja) (Said we should fuck off from their passenger seat)
So, in the coming days, we will send these free luminescent headbands
to dojoer throughout the country.
If you combine one with a reflective vest, you can be sure to be overlooked.
What else can you do to be a safe ninja in traffic?
Well, you should consider not wearing so much dark clothing.
Barry here is a road safety ninja
Haiijah!
He has white and blue on, so you can see him at night.
Why not buy one of our special flashing Ninja Lamps
which can be attached to the belt?
Along with our patent-pending Ninja AdSense alarm.
[Beep]
"Adversely, this ninja sneaks!"
And our new traffic safety signs.
We hope to reduce the number of ninja disasters,
or "disasters", to zero.
I, Frederick Fahrvergnügen from RSPAIN
say to you: Be a traffic jam this winter
[bang]
Ahhh! Ow ow ow.
Off my leg!
Ouch. Of it hurt! Aaaaaah!
Oh, I think it's broken, off, hell in hell
Call for an ambulance! Aaaav !! Aaaah!
Danish subtitles of "Shedinja"